[material-ui] Remove UMD bundle (#42172)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-v5/migration-v5.md

This list is a work in progress.
Expect updates as new breaking changes are introduced.
:::

> - Material UI no longer provides UMD bundle.

Reviewer: Let's recommend the CDN docs?
```suggestion
- Material UI no longer provides an UMD bundle. Please refer to the [docs](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/installation/#cdn) for alternatives.
```

This list is a work in progress.
Expect updates as new breaking changes are introduced.
:::

> 
> <!-- #default-branch-switch -->
> 
> - Material UI no longer provides UMD bundle. Please refer to the [docs](https://next.mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/installation/#cdn) for alternatives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### UMD bundle was removed

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

The UMD bundle is no longer provided. This was replaced in favor of [ESM CDNs](https://esm.sh/). Please refer to the [CDN docs](https://next.mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/installation/#cdn) for alternatives.
```
